=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Cache::Reddit - a caching API that uses Reddit as the backend

=head1 VERSION

version 0.04

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Cache::Reddit;

  my $id = set($data_ref);  # serialize data and post to subreddit
  my $data = get($id);      # retrieve the data back
  remove($id);              # delete the data from Reddit

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Cache::Reddit is a module for cacheing your application data on Reddit.
Data is serialized using L<Storable> and posted to a subreddit. The data
is posted as a text post, and the title of the post set to Cache::Reddit::
+ a random number.

The text is bleached before posting (converted to binary, C<tr/01/ \t/g>)
so it appears as whitespace on Reddit.

Due to the list-like search function, data retrieval performs at 0(n). However
deletion and insertion performs at 0(1).

It requires three environment variables to be set:

=over 4

=item * reddit_username - the reddit username to login with

=item * reddit_password - the reddit password to login with

=item * reddit_subreddit - the target subreddit to post data to

=back

=head1 EXPORTED FUNCTIONS

=head2 set($dataref)

Serializes and saves the data in the subreddit as a text post.
Returns the key for cached entry;

=head2 get ($key)

Deserializes and returns the cached entry.

=head2 remove ($key)

Deletes the item from the subreddit.

=head1 AUTHOR

David Farrell <dfarrell@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2015 by David Farrell.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The (two-clause) FreeBSD License

=cut
